NOTES.md, before:

post '/pirates' do
  # binding.pry
  pirate = Pirate.new(name: params[:pirate][:name], height: params[:pirate][:height], weight: params[:pirate][:weight])
  params[:pirate][:ships].each do |ship_data|
    ship = Ship.new(ship_data)
    ship.pirate = pirates
    ship.save
  end
  binding.pry
end

* set up an if statement that if pirate.save: do what you want, as a way to make sure the pirate saves. *


# App Overview
  -- An app to help organize one's yarn stash, crafting accessories, and project usage and plans.
# Users will need to:
  [ ] Log in, sign up, and log out.
# Users will be able to:
  [ ] Create a new project.
  [ ] Add yarn to their stash. - Add a new brand if necessary, or associate it with an existing brand.
  [ ] Add accessories to their horde.
  [ ] See all projects.
  [ ] See a list of their entire yarns stash.
  [ ] Explore their brands.
  [ ] See a list of their accessories.
  [ ] Edit projects.
  [ ] Edit yarn.
  [ ] Edit brands.
  [ ] Edit accessories.
  [ ] Delete projects.
  [ ] Delete yarns.
  [ ] Delete brands.
  [ ] Delete accessories.
# Wireframing
  -- Models: User, Project, Yarn, Brand, Accessories
  -- User: name, email (for unique login), password (password_digest in database)
  -- Rest on paper...
# Stretch goals
  [ ] CSS
  [ ] Tests?
  [ ] link to patterns / images etc.
  [ ] write a pattern???
  [ ] add hobbies to users?
  [ ] add color_family to yarns?
  [ ] add location/where_to_find to projects?
  [ ] add laundering instructions to brand?
  [ ] public vs. private??? -->
  [ ] add a trading post.

Add specific pattern url option to Projects table?
Index sends you to log in if not already logged in.
Log in has link to sign up (Join the community). - Either sends you to your index.
Once logged in, shows welcome with master index of things individual user can do:
 - start a new project / add a new yarn/accessory
 - find my project/yarn/accessory

 To Do:
 Add yarn & accessories to new_project.erb / '/projects/new'


Specifications for the Sinatra Assessment

Specs:
- [x] Use Sinatra to build the app
    -- I am using Sinatra as the basis for my app.
- [x] Use ActiveRecord for storing information in a database
    -- My databases depend on ActiveRecord.
- [x] Include more than one model class (e.g. User, Post, Category)
    -- I have 5 categories.
- [x] Include at least one has_many relationship on your User model (e.g. User has_many Posts)
    -- Many, but: A User has_many Projects, Yarns, Accessories, and Brands
- [x] Include at least one belongs_to relationship on another model (e.g. Post belongs_to User)
    -- Many, but: Yarns belongs_to a Project and a Brand
- [ ] Include user accounts with unique login attribute (username or email)
- [ ] Ensure that the belongs_to resource has routes for Creating, Reading, Updating and Destroying
- [ ] Ensure that users can't modify content created by other users
- [ ] Include user input validations
- [ ] BONUS - not required - Display validation failures to user with error message (example form URL e.g. /posts/new)
- [.] Your README.md includes a short description, install instructions, a contributors guide and a link to the license for your code
    -- Need to add Usage instructions!

Confirm:
- [ ] You have a large number of small Git commits
- [ ] Your commit messages are meaningful
- [ ] You made the changes in a commit that relate to the commit message
- [ ] You don't include changes in a commit that aren't related to the commit message

Commit message:

added accessory index, edit, and delete forms

NOTES.md, after:

post '/pirates' do
  # binding.pry
  pirate = Pirate.new(name: params[:pirate][:name], height: params[:pirate][:height], weight: params[:pirate][:weight])
  params[:pirate][:ships].each do |ship_data|
    ship = Ship.new(ship_data)
    ship.pirate = pirates
    ship.save
  end
  binding.pry
end

* set up an if statement that if pirate.save: do what you want, as a way to make sure the pirate saves. *


# App Overview
  -- An app to help organize one's yarn stash, crafting accessories, and project usage and plans.
# Users will need to:
  [ ] Log in, sign up, and log out.
# Users will be able to:
  [ ] Create a new project.
  [ ] Add yarn to their stash. - Add a new brand if necessary, or associate it with an existing brand.
  [ ] Add accessories to their horde.
  [ ] See all projects.
  [ ] See a list of their entire yarns stash.
  [ ] Explore their brands.
  [ ] See a list of their accessories.
  [ ] Edit projects.
  [ ] Edit yarn.
  [ ] Edit brands.
  [ ] Edit accessories.
  [ ] Delete projects.
  [ ] Delete yarns.
  [ ] Delete brands.
  [ ] Delete accessories.
# Wireframing
  -- Models: User, Project, Yarn, Brand, Accessories
  -- User: name, email (for unique login), password (password_digest in database)
  -- Rest on paper...
# Stretch goals
  [ ] CSS
  [ ] link to patterns / images etc.
  [ ] write a pattern???
  [ ] add hobbies to users???
  [ ] add color_family to yarns?
  [ ] add location/where_to_find to projects???
  [ ] add laundering instructions to brand?
  [ ] public vs. private??? -->
  [ ] add a trading post.
  [ ] add this project to my project list.
  [ ] create index of all projects for inspiration?

Add specific pattern url option to Projects table?
Index sends you to log in if not already logged in.
Log in has link to sign up (Join the community). - Either sends you to your index.
Once logged in, shows welcome with master index of things individual user can do:
 - start a new project / add a new yarn/accessory
 - find my project/yarn/accessory

 To Do:
 Add yarn & accessories to new_project.erb / '/projects/new'


Specifications for the Sinatra Assessment

Specs:
- [x] Use Sinatra to build the app
    -- I am using Sinatra as the basis for my app.
- [x] Use ActiveRecord for storing information in a database
    -- My databases depend on ActiveRecord.
- [x] Include more than one model class (e.g. User, Post, Category)
    -- I have 5 categories.
- [x] Include at least one has_many relationship on your User model (e.g. User has_many Posts)
    -- Many, but: A User has_many Projects, Yarns, Accessories, and Brands
- [x] Include at least one belongs_to relationship on another model (e.g. Post belongs_to User)
    -- Many, but: Yarns belongs_to a Project and a Brand
- [x] Include user accounts with unique login attribute (username or email)
- [ ] Ensure that the belongs_to resource has routes for Creating, Reading, Updating and Destroying
- [ ] Ensure that users can't modify content created by other users
- [ ] Include user input validations
- [ ] BONUS - not required - Display validation failures to user with error message (example form URL e.g. /posts/new)
- [.] Your README.md includes a short description, install instructions, a contributors guide and a link to the license for your code
    -- Need to add Usage instructions!

Confirm:
- [ ] You have a large number of small Git commits
- [ ] Your commit messages are meaningful
- [ ] You made the changes in a commit that relate to the commit message
- [ ] You don't include changes in a commit that aren't related to the commit message
